Once upon a time in a land far far away, there were two frogs, Rob and Bob Frog. They lived together in this pond and thought 
long about the world beyond the pond of Rob and Bob. For beyond the pond of Rob and Bob did mountains rise above the purple fog? 
Did fearsome beasts run through the bog? Were there deserts vast and rivers long? What wonders lie beyond the pond of Rob and Bob? 
One day Rob and Bob decided they wanted to explore the land beyond the pond. So they worked, oh they worked, hard and long to build 
themselves a raft made out of logs. They hopped aboard, and as the current picked up they began to float along. Before long they 
had left behind the pod of Rob and Bob. As they travelled the days were hot and the nights were long, but they kept their spirts 
as they sang their song. Their melodies floated through twists and turns, through rises and falls. What advetures awaited the frogs, 
Rob and Bob? (Written by Luke Breyer)

Their floating log hit the deck, and the frogs were struck dumb. As he looked up at the majestic Ethaossi Kingdom. With bright blue 
skies and huge lilypads, Rob and Bob's froggy dreams had come to life! In the middle of the lake, they saw a large group of frogs. 
They peddled their way down there to join them on their log. There must've been about a hundred frogs, all their eyes glued to a central,
carved, and polished lofty log. On this log sat the royal, graceful Princess Aeracloom. Her beauty so grand, it challenged a sunflower's bloom. 
With glee in his eyes, Rob leaned on his log and called, "Oh Princess, your beauty has made all our hearts throb! Allow me to introduce myself,
and my dearest friend Bo-". Having the attention of the audience, poor Rob fell deep into the water mid-sentence. For the crowd, laughing was 
in order as poor ol' Rob was completely submerged underwater. (Written by Vedant Sagar)

Rob quickly swam up out of the water and hopped back on the log.  Flustered, he apologized to this crowd of gathered frogs and the Princess.  "Apologies princess," he stated.  "This here, as I was saying, is my good friend Bob," he said at last.  The princess welcomed them both into the kingdom and asked the pair if they would like a tour of this wonderful land.  They both quickly accepeted and hopped about with the princess and her royal guard as they toured the sprawling metropolis that was the Ethaossi Kingdom.  Finally, as the sun started to set, the pair Rob and Bob settled into a temporary quarters that the princess had designated for them.  The two stared up at the ceiling and sighed out loud as they though about all the adventures to come in this spectacular kingdom.  (Written by Sahil S.)
